DOC: Add user documentation for tegra support (#70)
conda-forge/cuda-feedstock: recipe/doc/end_user_run_guide.md

- IMEX
- Nsight Systems

### Selecting ARM Variant

Many of NVIDIA's CUDA packages are built for both SBSA and Tegra devices. For CUDA 12.9 and

> earlier, Tegra devices are a separate ARM variant. To install packages built for CUDA 12.9

Author: ```suggestion
Many of NVIDIA's CUDA packages are built for both SBSA and Tegra devices. For CUDA 12.9, Tegra devices are a separate ARM variant. To install packages built for CUDA 12.9
```
